Update release documentation with the latest improvements (#14862)
desktop/desktop: docs/process/releasing-updates.md

If a maintainer would like to backport a pull request to the next release, it is their responsibility to co-ordinate with the release owner and ensure they are fine with accepting this work.

> After pushing the branch, an action will create a release Pull Request for it. If that action fails for whatever reason, you can fall back to using the `yarn draft-release:pr` command, or create it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pushing the branch, a [GitHub Action](https://github.com/desktop/desktop/blob/development/.github/workflows/release-pr.yml) will create a release Pull Request for it. If that action fails for whatever reason, you can fall back to using the `yarn draft-release:pr` command, or create it manually.
```

Author: Yes! Much better, thank you 🙇
